README.md, before:

# SI-Printer

SI-Printer is a simple system that aims to reduce complexity and hassle when
using the [SPORTident](https://www.sportident.com/) timing system during 
orienteering practice sessions.

SI-Printer allows a reader station to be connected directly to a thermal 
printer without the use of an android phone with bluetooth or similar. The 
entire system may be powered using a conventional USB power bank.

## SPORTident Device Support

The system has been successfully verified with the following devices.

| **Readers** | **USB VID** | **USB PID** |
|---|---|---|
| BSM 8-USB | `0x10C4` | `0x800A` |

| **Printers** | **USB VID** | **USB PID** |
|---|---|---|
| Miniprinter | `0x0416` | `0x5011` |

As for cards, they *should* all work. Validated ones are listed here.

| **Card Model** | **Validated Working** |
| --- | --- |
| SI-Card 5 | :heavy_check_mark: |
| SI-Card 6 | |
| SI-Card 8 | |
| SI-Card 9 | |
| SI-Card 10 | :heavy_check_mark: |
| SI-Card 11 | |
| SI pCard | |

## Materials

Here is a list of materials used to create a SI-Printer.

| **Component** | **Qty** | **Note** |
|---|---|---|
| Raspberry PI Pico | 1 | Can be W variant |
| Green LED Diode | 1 | 5mm diameter |
| Yellow LED Diode | 1 | 5mm diameter |
| USB-A female breakout | 2 | |
| Breakout board USB-C | 1 | [Polulu 3411](https://www.pololu.com/product/3411) |
| 220Ω Resistor | 4 | |

## Updating Device Firmware

See [the updating-firmware.md](./docs/updating-firmware.md) document for 
update instructions.

## Circuit Diagram

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Circuit Diagram" src="./docs/img/circuit.svg" />
</p>

Commit message:

✏  Rename project to si-printer-bridge

README.md, after:

# si-printer-bridge

si-printer-bridge is a simple system that aims to reduce complexity and hassle when
using the [SPORTident](https://www.sportident.com/) timing system during 
orienteering practice sessions.

si-printer-bridge allows a reader station to be connected directly to a thermal 
printer without the use of an android phone with bluetooth or similar. The 
entire system may be powered using a conventional USB power bank.

## SPORTident Device Support

The system has been successfully verified with the following devices.

| **Readers** | **USB VID** | **USB PID** |
|---|---|---|
| BSM 8-USB | `0x10C4` | `0x800A` |

| **Printers** | **USB VID** | **USB PID** |
|---|---|---|
| Miniprinter | `0x0416` | `0x5011` |

As for cards, they *should* all work. Validated ones are listed here.

| **Card Model** | **Validated Working** |
| --- | --- |
| SI-Card 5 | :heavy_check_mark: |
| SI-Card 6 | |
| SI-Card 8 | |
| SI-Card 9 | |
| SI-Card 10 | :heavy_check_mark: |
| SI-Card 11 | |
| SI pCard | |

## Materials

Here is a list of materials used to create a si-printer-bridge.

| **Component** | **Qty** | **Note** |
|---|---|---|
| Raspberry PI Pico | 1 | Can be W variant |
| Green LED Diode | 1 | 5mm diameter |
| Yellow LED Diode | 1 | 5mm diameter |
| USB-A female breakout | 2 | |
| Breakout board USB-C | 1 | [Polulu 3411](https://www.pololu.com/product/3411) |
| 220Ω Resistor | 4 | |

## Updating Device Firmware

See [the updating-firmware.md](./docs/updating-firmware.md) document for 
update instructions.

## Circuit Diagram

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Circuit Diagram" src="./docs/img/circuit.svg" />
</p>
